Welcome to Mind & Reality.
This is a course
about the relation between
your mind and the bits of
the world around you
with which you interact.
We will investigate
questions linked to the idea of
having a point of view, or a
perspective, on the world.
This will take us through issues
about the nature of
thoughts: beliefs, desires, hopes,
fears, intentions and the rest.
But this isn't just a course in
philosophy of mind. It is also
supposed to cover metaphysics
and epistemology. To that
end, we will ask a
metaphysical question about
the nature of personal
identity; and an
epistemological question
about relations between
theories and observations.
Below this video you should see
a week by week guide that tells
you everything that you need to
do each week. But what I'd like
you to do before you even look
at that, if you would please, is
to go to lecture one. Have a
look at some of the material for
lecture one. That could be a good
starting point to introduce you
to the course. You can then zip
back to the week-by-week guide.
Take a look at that guide, and then
you'll be ready for the live
online meeting that we have
on Thursday in Week 01.
I’m looking forward to seeing you.
In the mean time, if
you have any questions and you've
looked at the week by week guide
and you've seen the lectures and
you're really confused, don't
hesitate, please to send me an
email. Steve Butterfill. Here's
my email address. s.butterfill@warwick.ac.uk
For an administrative question, you can
contact the philosophy office
directly, since I might not be able
to help you with that one.
Email’s pretty
old fashioned way to
communicate.
I wanted to try
to get started with Facebook and
it it just didn't really go
well. So I'm afraid I don't use
any kind of interface for
communication that's Facebook or
newer. I'm afraid I just never
quite got into that. I did, when I
realized that I would have to
record some lectures, think
I could learn
something by looking at some
videos. Somebody directed me
to something called TikTok.
So I had a very strange
evening with  TikTok.
I still feel damaged.
That confirmed my
impression that I should live
firmly in the 20th century.
That's really where where I
belong. If TikTok
is still a thing, I advise
you very strongly: don't go there.
It’s not good for you at
all. Or at least it's not good
for *me*. Maybe it's different for you.
Steve, why you still talking? This was
supposed to be a short, sharp,
snappy introduction to the
course just to welcome people to
it. I want to keep it short. I
want to give you the idea that I
can give you a concise lecture
without waffling on about all
kinds of crazy stuff.
So take a look at lecture one. I
think you're going to find
that's better. I’ll give up on
the introduction. I've got to
tell you this is about my
fifth attempt. It really
hasn't gone well. I'm super
happy that you're taking the
course. I'm looking forward to
meeting you and I'll try not
to waffle in future. Take a
look at the lecture one. Thank
you very much.